communication                                                                                                                                                                                    
getting adoption of tools built, integrating/moving data                                                                                                                                         
consistent access to quality data                                                                                                                                                                
accessing reliable, clean data in addition to infrastructure support                                                                                                                             
bid Compilation / Quotes                                                                                                                                                                         
managing expectations of internal consumers of data products                                                                                                                                     
defining what success looks like                                                                                                                                                                 
knowing the right question to answer/ask. Coming up with the data in an ethical way.                                                                                                             
getting the data and getting it ready for analysis                                                                                                                                               
Automation tools for data collection and cleaning                                                                                                                                                
More seamless connection to database and modeling software, reduce time spent trying to extract and import data                                                                                  
Creating an environment to do machine learning work in which the end user (data scientist) doesn't have to worry about package dependencies or spinning up servers.                              
A way to make people understand how important quality of data is                                                                                                                                 
I wish all data science tools integrated better. Today its mostly my way or the highway.                                                                                                         
People working together synergistically                                                                                                                                                          
Knowing what you need to do but not knowing the exact line(s) of code needed for data manipulation                                                                                               
Trying to use new technologies and adapt them to work with old technologies (finding work arounds for things that don't exist due to niche issues).                                              
I want to be able to use the python pandas library with my voice. Instead of memorizing code, I'd simply say "Multiply columns X and Y and subtract 50. Put the result in a new column called Z".
People working together synergistically                                                                                                                                                          
Ingesting as clean data as possible in order to minimize the amount of time needed cleaning data                                                                                                 
Obtaining the needed data                                                                                                                                                                        
The blizzard of new technologies, algorithms, and techniques that constantly needs to be learned.                                                                                                
Unrealistic expectations                                                                                                                                                                         
Relevant insights from data that drive incremental revenue                                                                                                                                       
Better method and documentation to deploying DAG-based workflow tools (e.g. Apache Airflow is great but horribly complicated to deploy at scale)                                                 
Quick correlations of variables of all data types                                                                                                                                                
Good resources                                                                                                                                                                                   
Easier automated, secure and compliant ways of ingestion of data. More ML focus on doing more with less data.
Data Cleaning
Getting leaders to invest in the fundamentals
Requirement
gathering the data to analyze, ensuring that the model is valid.
finding new customers
Obtaining a correct inference from results
I wish the BI and Data Science/Advanced Analytics capabilities were available in a single tool
Data Science exists in a strange limbo between software development and asset management. Normal project management tools/strategies seem ill-equipped to deal with this. Maybe a PM tool more specific to data science?
APIs to the backend of our applications would be nice rather than poorly designed SQL schemas.
Dealing with business that is skeptical about the models and benefits of analytics
Resistance to change within the company
Planning
Communication
Data cleaning
Deployment options - of late, these have been made easier accross tools, but I would love that one-click publish and deploy type of architecture
Organizational understanding of data science value.
availability of right data to address business questions
Identifying the best way to do a job done and making it reproducible
Establishing an analytics COE rather than each function trying to build their own
Deployment options - of late, these have been made easier accross tools, but I would love that one-click publish and deploy type of architecture
I just wish that in future the coding gets more human friendly, similar to producing complex plots using Tableau
automated model selection for unsupervised learning. We would use this for segmentation modelling
